15th batch of RN bug doc text (#42457)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

=== Registry

[id="ocp-4-10-olm"]
=== Operator Lifecycle Manager

[id="ocp-4-10-olm-arm-enhancements"]

> ==== ARM support for Operatlor Lifecycle Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== ARM support for Operator Lifecycle Manager
```

Author: lol

* Before this update, it could take up to 15 minutes for Operators to perform `skipRange` updates. This was a known issue that could be resolved if cluster administrators deleted the `catalog-operator` pod in the `openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager` namespace. This caused the pod to be automatically recreated and triggered the `skipRange` upgrade. With this update, obsolete API calls have been fixed in Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), and `skipRange` updates trigger immediately. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2002276[*BZ#2002276*])

* Occasionally, update events on clusters would happen at the same time that Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) modified an object from the lister cache. This caused concurrent map writes. This fix updates OLM so it no longer modifies objects retrieved from the lister cache. Instead, OLM modifies a copy of the object where applicable. As a result, OLM no longer experiences concurrent map writes. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2003164[*BZ#2003164*])

> * Previously, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) could not establish gRPC connections to catalog source pods that were only reachable through a proxy. If a catalog source pod was behind a proxy, OLM could not connect to the proxy and the hosted Operator content was unavailable for installation. This bug fix introduces a `GRPC_PROXY` environment variable that defines a proxy that OLM utilizes to establish connections to gRPC catalog sources. As a reuslt, OLM can now be configured to use a proxy when connecting to gRPC catalog sources. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2011927[*BZ#2011927*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) could not establish gRPC connections to catalog source pods that were only reachable through a proxy. If a catalog source pod was behind a proxy, OLM could not connect to the proxy and the hosted Operator content was unavailable for installation. This bug fix introduces a `GRPC_PROXY` environment variable that defines a proxy that OLM uses to establish connections to gRPC catalog sources. As a result, OLM can now be configured to use a proxy when connecting to gRPC catalog sources. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2011927[*BZ#2011927*])
```

> * Occasionally, update events on clusters would happen at the same time that Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) modified an object from the lister cache. This caused concurrent map writes. This fix updates OLM so it no longer modifies objects retrieved from the lister cache. Instead, OLM modifies a copy of the object where applicable. As a result, OLM no longer experiences concurrent map writes. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2003164[*BZ#2003164*])

Reviewer: This is on line 1214 already :)
